docs/index.md, before:

git merge --no-ff "develop"
```dockerfile
FROM lthn/build as builder
WORKDIR /src
make
```

This Docker file is big, never include it in the end image, once you have built your code in dockerfile add.

```dockerfile
FROM ubuntu:16.04
COPY --from=builder /src/build/release/bin /home/lthn/build/bin 
```

# Development Flow
Code is created on a branch with a merge request made to track and talk between intrested developers.

## Add a new feature to work on from the issues list
```shell
git checkout -b feature/feature-name
# do your work/add what youve done
git commit -m "Work on feature/feature-name"
# push to branch
git push origin master
```
The merge request you made will be building through the pipeline, if it completes you can merge into `develop`

## Push to external's / Releases

We have a GitHub and docker.io accounts that get selective updates.

Everything that gets pushed to master will get push out to Docker Hub, Git Hub and create support docs + binaries made on GitLab.

The credentials for GitHub, DockerHub are sandboxed in protected environments, only maintainers and above can push (unless CODEOWNERS file add additional approvals)

Commit message:

New feature, can now run lthn/build as a container to build make projects, pre configured lthn projects: `docker run --privileged -v $(pwd):/home/build/dist -it lthn/build lthn/chain`
or build remote repo's with: `docker run --privileged -v $(pwd):/home/build/dist -it lthn/build https://github.com/monero-project/monero.git`

Signed-off-by: snider <snider@lethean.io>

docs/index.md, after:

# Quick Start

## Builder Service

The builder requires some environment variables set, for lethean projects you can just ask for the project with its
docker tag

* Chain `docker run --privileged -v $(pwd):/home/build/dist -it lthn/build lthn/chain`
* Vpn `docker run --privileged -v $(pwd):/home/build/dist -it lthn/build lthn/vpn`
* Wallet `docker run --privileged -v $(pwd):/home/build/dist -it lthn/build lthn/wallet`

## As a Base image

These are pre-configured base images for lethean projects with everything you need preinstalled for that project

```dockerfile
# Starts a new file system, any layers before are discarded 
FROM lthn/build as build
# demo sakes, use any location
WORKDIR /src
# this takes the build context and puts it into /src
COPY . .
# run the make file
RUN make release
# Built, simples. Let's make a new image layer to remove development libs
FROM ubuntu:16.04
# --from=build lets you take from the previous layer, its still there while we build
COPY --from=build /src/build/release/bin /home/lthn/cli
# Done. 
ENTRYPOINT bash 
```
